this year
that shows how much of that research shows that savers must
work from a basic location whether it also has the composition of rome and there
hit this new have taken the two parts will noise this is one
total 300 grams
that should be enough to help the population this was the relapse altogether
I have completed a number of jobs in Zandvoort
I do I do to get a little light-hearted the filling
and so shall the children
the message can start
and so we are not going to do that
I grab a piping bag for that
with a spray nozzle in it
a syringe
But first tourists start spraying in often so you have to stop the
the opening set but this is also blocked as a supplement
gets it
using the disaster season
the change
we could have done his baking paper if I did the competition
that takes a lot of fat at full speed
do not take a good look at the unions
other than that the two pieces finish
and baking paper are there
we have no problems there
This case can take a little balls outside
you can also
train traffic
why make
and they actually in every for that sake
you can find the spray you want balls or longer
you can also create jobs that might be even easier
what a pack you save bag
put a long line
and then put them in the fridge or freezer of children
friezes goes faster
in those cities you cut them into pieces
and that is actually the easiest I am going to put them less in the cooling tom
has scouted to live
then brand go i can prepare now
she can be by old goalkeeper skater who is equally light big good
dekker cao polar light which we will soon be mixing
or the coconut
with this, cooking is a penalty
we can also just burn it lightly in overexposed toasting, it just has
slightly more taste
I'm going to show the CAO
then children need help and a sieve
that I would use a head chance
sit the cold that creates right on your tongue and then he sits the taste buds
say close
a taste nice much more of the cocoa
besides that, a kidnapped is not so nice
with that comes a third part, so two hundred can of bekaro powder
on board powdered sugar
that together 7
then it's safe for someone
to the 7 then I also have these clubs that are all here that are there
then off
then getting the back matches is easier to roll through the cocoa and
But if the two steel face believes that a bit on the paper
You can also see that the powdered sugar gets a lighter color
and it is now also a bit sweeter
then it goes into a container
years
have cash declare and melted
the chocolate cut back not necessarily to be at the right temperature
he may not sit why are we or bicycles too cold that is not worked
because it is also a soft mind
the on the cocoa farmers in our interest and then you see no more could be on later
the news
m
he is not allowed alone
the cry is therefore not 45 degrees which quickly fill
but then watch life or fillings
let some wilders go for research
good count just sprayed a few showers
the two are closing cows in the freezer
and now I'm going to cut them through the chocolate
for that I need a dora people or a poll that a fork
texts are fairly robust
grab this quickly
in the chocolate to hear
mitch plates from 7 as hand iron
then you can if desired I also like for example
emergency power
Geneva fork
recalled by the cooking class
whatever is possible
so carpooling is actually just the same again
the
chocolate and base
the deduction and a drink
martek a carbine
and then form again
that result
7 the rené is hard
the
also the